init docs for `Window.cookieStore` (#30935)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/cookiestore/index.md

---
title: "Window: cookieStore property"
short-title: cookieStore
slug: Web/API/Window/cookieStore
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.Window.cookieStore
---

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Cookie Store API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`cookieStore`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Window")}} interface returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStore")}} object for the current document context. This is an entry point of the {{domxref("Cookie Store API", "", "", "nocode")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`cookieStore`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Window")}} interface returns a reference to the {{domxref("CookieStore")}} object for the current document context. This is an entry point for the [Cookie Store API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API).
```
